It's also a man's job to take the initiative.
What I mean is to quickly change out of ten clothes.
Beware of catching a cold. Really.
I have been imagining something pornographic in my mind all day long.
Put it on. My god just don't spend money,
Can you watch it? Are you satisfied with what you see?
I never thought that one day I would be able to say this.
It's getting late, I should go back.
remember. Don't sing another song about the last issue,
Be good to yourself in the future. Let’s go now.
Why, you can’t bear to leave me.
What I want to say is that Fu Ken hasn’t given it to me yet.
Our days are long. It turns out
The kid gets to know each other more and more
I can't bear it anymore